Thank you very much, everyone. Again, welcome. Thank you very much for coming and again,
participating.
And again, we are continually doing the retreat together with the Zoom retreat and the situation.
The circumstances alone are something that we never really thought before.
It's happening in a way. That way is wonderful. We can all get connected over there.
And discussing the teachings of the great teacher of the Buddha Chaturmani, a lineage of masters.
Some do also support and help each other, support each other in a way that we are inspired to each
other.
And practicing, deepening practices of our love and kindness and comparing thought for all living
beings.
That's what we are talking. That was where we are really trying to learn that.
And so that's what we are really doing today, which is really wonderful.
According to Buddhism, there is nothing better and best and beautiful than this.
And nothing more meaningful than this. That's what, believe it or not,
all of this, our great teachers, Buddhas, bodhisattva, enlightenment things,
these, they are doing now. And we are following their footsteps in a way.
So it's wonderful. Again, thank you for this, again, opportunity and situation.
Thank you again. And therefore, again, we are going to extend our view,
the motivation of the joy and appreciation and bodhicata and vastness,
purely the motivation of the Vedayana teaching. And then again, we reflect the teachings.
And again, teaching, we are going, continually following the teachings by Japneer.
And that which is, again, the title is, what is this?
Okay. I've been doing this while, so I'm going to do this title.
Heart advice for the 14 new ones.
By, he is known as Abhijal Mooji. And that's the meaning of the oscillation in the Tibet.
It is the Godly Namna, Nitya Theva Lava. And what that actually really means.
Heart, because of loving-kindness, love to all the beings
and those who are any dedicated practitioners, this is the heart advice.
Heart advice from his son is the Guruji to all of us, to all of us.
So this is, in a way, his legacy and his representatives.
Even though his physical is not existing now,
he entered Mahaparinarana over maybe 30 years ago.
But this is his legacy teaching, the representative of that.
So even though we didn't maybe have the opportunity to see his physical,
but this is what we really see. This is really his teaching.
This is him. He is talking.
In a way, that's what we are really following, his footsteps.
So therefore, again, this is the beautiful, those beautiful intentions.
And now we go to what we've been discussing this.
To summarize it, you can entirely practice over the God of the Nama
and put that into three frames.
And those are the three nobles, Ambasson, Yorasimpi Thamba, Muyi Thamba and Yohoa Thambas.
Those are the individual, they said.
But roughly translation is beginning noble is.
The first noble is the Bodhicata and the beautiful intentions.
And the middle noble is without grasping, clinging practices
or without any grasping, clinging.
And the conclusion noble is then dedication and aspirations.
Those are the three.
And now we are going on the beginning of that noble.
But this beginning noble is not just a beginning in time,
then you kind of leave there and move to the next stage.
But this is all the way to the practices.
To all the way to the final stage of our practices,
but all the way to get enlightenment.
Purify our obscurations, discover our enlightenment.
That is really beginning with the Bodhicata and the beautiful intentions.
And Bodhicata, again we are talking about those are again two subdivisions.
I already said, so I'm not going to repeat it again and again then.
But today we are going to again Bodhicata.
Bodhicata is the principle practice of the entire Yandere Buddhism,
particularly Supta Ramahayana and Vaidhyanas.
This Bodhicata practice, mind of enlightenment.
Bodhicata also begins with a few subdivisions in life.
But to summarize the Bodhicata into two principles.
Wishing Bodhicata and actualizing Bodhicata.
Bodhic is wishing Bodhicata and that is how we develop in our heart, the impure heart.
Again Bodhicata is our nature of the mind.
Nature of the mind has what?
Always in the teachings, the natural mind is emptiness.
The natural mind is cloudiness.
This low incline in the competition is the clarity aspect of the nature of the mind.
It is, it is the natural mind.
When we are activating Bodhicata, we are activating the clarity aspect of the mind or the nature of
the mind.
Clarity is lowing kindness, clarity is compassion, clarity is wisdom.
We are activating, when we are activating the clarity of the nature of the mind,
what it does, it will defeat it, all the negativities, ignorance, ego clingings,
those obstacles of the mental emotions.
All the FISGS views another simple word.
The cause of the suffering truth will be dispelled by rising up the awakened mind of the Bodhicata.
So therefore, when we practice Bodhicata, we are touching our heart, the core of the heart and our
own true nature.
And therefore that is how we develop that, how we arise that.
That is what the greatest teacher of the Bodhicata community uses.
This is not just that Bodhicata said that and that is what we can follow.
That is how we can do it.
Because we have been so long time in the samsara, from the biggest time.
Our potential, our nature is doomed, is blurbed, is shadowed.
To wake up that immediately, we cannot do it.
Therefore, we use by gradual skillful means and raise up our vitality, our energy, our potential,
our hidden nature,
our hidden breathing or worry we have to wake up.
And to do that is called Wishing Bodhicata.
This intention, the seedling, beautiful intention, arises from the depths of our pure heart with
love,
with kindness, with compassion for all living beings without any borders, without any restrictions,
without any convolution, partialities is arising, so beautiful, so genuine, it's naturally arising.
And that is known as Wishing Bodhicata.
That is Wishing Bodhicata is now how we act with that Wishing Bodhicata.
For this way I said, not I said, in the teaching said, those are called Boneless.
Boneless love, boneless compassion, boneless rejoice and joy, and boneless equanimities.
This boneless is, we love to all the sentient beings.
We love to our relatives, we love all the close, our close ones, we love all the beings.
That's really known as boneless love.
Love is also not partialities.
Same term compassion is not partialities.
Same term rejoice is not partialities.
Same term is equanimity is not partialities.
Equanimity is for all.
And in many different ways we echo.
So therefore, what is also equanimity?
I got all of some questions about the equanimity, and which is really true, right?
Sense, sense, and which is that question they ask.
You see, individuals ask that if we don't...
How this is prepared.
Pre-prong, attachment to the close ones, rejection to the others, close ones.
If we don't have the attachment to close ones, how we can help and support the close ones.
I think that's the question.
It's a very good answer.
One question is true.
But this time, our attachment to the close ones is so emotional, both times.
Best of the emotionless.
It didn't mean that we should not love to our close ones.
We love to every living beings.
Love to our close ones.
Love to every one.
But not emotionally to the division.
Respect the divided zones.
This is love on us.
This is not love on us.
The moment we see the world, our loved ones.
Which is wonderful, beautiful, really good in samsara.
But in the dharma level, we were talking bodhicata level.
We met these boundaries, I believe, that world.
Boundaries with loved ones.
That means there is someone that we don't care.
That kind of impression right there.
It's bodhicata.
The eye of the bodhicata.
The heart of the bodhicata is equal to everyone.
Love everyone.
It didn't mean we don't love anyone.
We love.
But we love with the gentle, peaceful.
And we got to emotions.
That is what we talk.
Love emotion.
Let's use the examples.
Sun is shining in the skies.
Shining everyone.
Pretty everyone.
We don't restrict them.
We don't emotion.
Similarly, that love kindness to all the beings.
As sunshine to everyone.
We don't emotions.
This is what the blood would call.
Call without attachment.
Attachment.
Generally, of course, the beginning of the practice of the bodhisattvas.
It is, again, in a practical way, we have to go with good attachment and bad attachment.
Bad attachment is bad attachment attracted to our old habit patterns,
which is not healthy, which is not a good or benefit.
Again, we still struggle with that many times.
Those are known as unhealthy attachments.
But good attachments, good principles, good customs, good things,
great peace, and happy, and joy, to all sentiments,
and trying to continue to carry on that.
Those are good attachments.
That is not something that we have to give up.
Because we have to actualize the bodhisattvas.
Actualize the bodhisattvas.
We're going to talk that later.
I mean, now talk that.
That means we're going to carry on those.
Distinctively, we're going to carry on that.
Those all actualize the bodhisattvas.
So it's not something that we give up every day.
We do the good things, right things.
Something starts with our good heart.
Something starts with our loving kindness and compassion,
and poor, boneless.
So that is really how it is.
That's, I mean, boneless, or that is our wishing bodhisattva.
Now once we have a good, wishing bodhisattva
of those poor, boneless, and hard,
then we continue to exercise or practice
of this wishing bodhisattva, those three different ways.
And that is, I listed the other day,
which is, in the debate, da-ji-nyamba, da-ji-jiva, and da-wi-ji-jiva.
Those are the three words.
The first is da-ji-nyamba means myself and others are equal.
That is the same as the econimities.
Econimities, we're all equal.
Econ, once we have that kind of understanding,
good thought in the mentality really,
not just sing the word by, or pray, just pray,
but kind of really feel from the heart.
Heart, when you have that,
then we can again do mentally da-ji-jiva, which is,
and also western, it's become very popular word, tung-ni,
the very word tung-ni.
Tung-ni is da-ji-jiva, da-ji-jiva,
and the other word da-ji-jiva means we're exchanging.
Tung-ni means exchanging.
That means when you're, the port boneless
has become quite strong and beautiful, beautiful,
then you now lift up that port boneless next level, all equal.
Everyone is equal.
This equal, again, is not just sing the praise
from the heart as you feel.
And our eye of love, everyone is equal.
And our eye of compassion, everyone is equal.
Our heart, everyone, heart of our love, everyone is equal.
Heart of our compassion, everyone is equal.
Really feel that.
Equal means like me.
But how I?
I like to be happy, peaceful,
joy, relaxed, comfortable, same thing.
The others, same thing, they want to be happy,
they want to be peace, they want to be joyful,
they want to be successful, they want same thing.
Really, truly.
That is what they call equal.
Equal.
That is equal.
We all equal.
And I said the other day, I mean, you know this,
I'm not just I'm saying and then you only know that one.
I shouldn't say we come there that way.
But we receive those teachings, we know this.
The emotional level we equal,
physical level equal or biological level we equal,
psychological level equal,
need level equal,
vision level equal,
and where we live in this art we live similar things.
So is equal.
Not just only in this world,
according to Buddha's teaching,
the beings of six realms have same desire.
All the beings of six realms have same desire,
they like to be happy, they like to be peaceful,
they like to be peaceful, successful,
they like to be comfortable.
And everyone is equal.
But the same thing again, same as like us.
Us, even we want, we're not always achieving that,
fulfilling that, achieving that.
And we're thinking, we're presuming,
we're doing something good for us,
we're doing something for reality, knocking our head.
Because ego clinging,
negative emotions are completely manipulated,
deluded and completely diluted.
Diluted so we can't completely join them.
Opposite action is opposite action than our heart really wants,
what we want.
That happens.
That we all join.
Due to the unknown situation,
ploughing and then even thinking is good for us,
but doing something bad.
And that's why, that's the reason,
great-master Shanti Deva said,
even they wanted happiness, peace,
they're thinking that I'm really going to get into happiness,
but reality, they're running for the suffering,
because of ignorance.
That's what great-master Shanti Deva said.
That's true.
That's what we're really doing.
Therefore, feel compassion.
How this particular, all these things,
I mean the desire and the actions are not really matching up there.
And even they want,
they're doing something completely different.
And for those reasons,
I'm going to really develop my enlightenment
and make something that I can benefit,
happy, the goal of your heart,
all our heart, we have that attitude, thought.
That is genuine, beautiful,
wishing both each other.
And then equanimity realizations.
When equanimity comes on action,
exactly in action,
I mean this is now of course mental state,
where there is wishing both each other is mental state.
But when it comes on action,
as I said yesterday, I believe yesterday,
he said what the great-master Papaji said.
And for example, we all ended up in a snowy,
in a cold weather,
cold weather in a rainy and blazed places.
There is only one good blanket,
one person on that one blanket.
That person is,
because everyone is suffering with the same situation,
therefore that person is not just keeping that blanket
by that individual himself or herself,
but share it to everyone.
Oh, we all same, we all suffering with this cold,
so I'm going to help to these two, to all.
To everyone going to share that,
sharing that blanket to everyone.
That's an example of the action.
I'm not talking, but it's not the time now to do the action,
because the righteous teacher,
Buddha Kriyayakamuni said,
even your heart is so strong of your bodhicata,
but when it comes to the action,
follow that according to your capabilities and situation.
We have to practical.
Our journey of the bodhicata activity
is not just a few weeks,
two months,
two years,
two lifetime,
until every living being is rich,
Buddha or enlightenment.
Therefore, we have to this,
gold is a long last.
Therefore, we have to build up.
We have to build up.
Slowly, our capabilities,
our wisdom,
our knowledge,
our experience,
our realizations,
and we require our obscuraion,
negative videos,
and that means also it will build up our capabilities.
Getting stronger and stronger,
then we expand our capabilities,
helping support, expanding, expanding,
and then all the certain things.
But mental level,
we must think all the living beings
as wishing bodhicata,
as boundless.
Mind don't have to be limited,
except the ego clings sometimes,
in fact, limitation.
We make boundless.
But when it comes to the action,
we have to follow our capabilities,
our situation,
our circumstances,
or even you have the capabilities,
but others are not ready to receive
all your assistance and support.
That won't help.
That's good.
If you push it,
then we're imposing that.
That is known as unskillful activity
of the bodhicatas.
Therefore, this bodhicata activity,
benefited activity,
gentle, peaceful,
very affectful,
and very steady,
and never tired,
and never woke.
What the great Master Moon Kim
said, "As we pray always,
may I not be tied to bold
to benefit all sentient beings."
From your heart,
our heart,
be strong,
firm,
open,
relaxed,
continue,
but when it comes to the art,
or reaching to the others,
do accordinglyness.
That is what it is.
So therefore, again, this wishing,
the equalizing,
the dahi yamma.
In other words, again,
the great Master,
in the lineage master,
he said,
example of when it comes,
action, for example,
what he said,
how he said,
it's very beautiful.
Examples,
and I will say again that.
For example,
a true man is a traveling target.
Number one,
one man has really thought of this
economic or eco, we are all eco.
And one man don't have shoes.
Walk in bare feet.
One man has shoes.
So now, they are again,
again in a tsunami.
Tsunom.
So one man has shoes,
but one man don't have shoes.
And this,
the person who has bodhicata,
that equalizing,
dahi yamma attitude,
or that realization,
he take out one of his shoes
due to that other ones.
So now,
that body individually
has one shoe,
one shoe.
Shoe,
and one shoe,
they both don't have one shoe.
One feet,
they don't have shoe.
they have shoe.
And the shade is shoe.
That shoe,
too pretty shoe.
She has two,
two feet,
or feet,
a pretty shoe.
They shade to that other version.
That is known as equalizing.
When it comes to action,
for us, of course,
at this beginning time,
we cannot do that.
We have to do slowly
our capabilities.
Our capabilities.
And readiness.
Gradually,
with joy,
with appreciation,
with happy,
with peace.
Once you do that,
you feel happy.
Oh, I did something good.
May I ever do more than that?
Ever to do more,
even for more future.
Future.
They're kind of weak in that.
So that is an example of equal.
Equal.
The second is
tungmi practices.
Tungmi.
Extending.
Dagi jiwa intrepid.
That is actually really,
in the teaching said,
that is the active body,
each other's status.
Now, of course,
in the beginning time,
we do tungmi practice mentally.
What do we tungmi mean?
You're giving happiness to the others.
Happy.
Happiness.
And taking their suffering in the difficulties.
What great Master Shakti Deva said,
you give three things.
Your body.
Your wealth.
Your many choice.
Your merits.
Those I in the teaching said,
said the object of the clinging.
Where we cling?
Clinging.
We cling to our body,
our wealth,
our merits,
all our reputations,
our something tighter, all that.
Now you're giving that way.
Giving that mentally.
This is a mentally practice.
Again, it is wishing body to the practices.
That's three things you give.
How are you going to give?
How are we going to give?
Without any expectations.
Without any grasping.
Clinging.
Without any return.
Return in this life.
Return in the next lifetime.
Time.
Without any acknowledgement from others.
That means what?
It's open gift, open heart gift.
Gifts.
And that is known as what to this time.
For example, many times in the teaching say,
give, give the happiness, peace.
Those ancient great Master of the Kadamsukkul schools
use the breathing.
Exhale.
Give all joy and peace, happiness, your merit,
our meritorious to all the beings.
Exhale.
Inhale, take all their suffering,
the difficult troubles,
courageously taking inwardly.
During those exercises,
that is what's called wishing body exercise.
This is, again, in the teaching says, so powerful.
So powerful.
For example, in the teaching say,
the greatest teacher, Buddha Chaturmani,
according in his teaching,
once upon a time,
Buddha was just a regular individual,
the individual, as many of us.
Regular, that means so many emotions,
so many negative, so many karma,
so many emotions.
That time.
And that time, Buddha was, that time,
the privileged reincarnation of the Buddha Chaturmani
was inhalerands.
You heard those stories from many great Masters.
Says, and he was inhalerands.
One, the other friend, the same person,
both are inhalerands, they're pulling the iron carriage.
Iron carriage.
The other individual was very,
what's called, weak.
He can't pull the iron.
The Buddha, the reincarnate, homo reincarnation,
Buddha was strong, so he can't pull,
and pull, but others, weak can't pull.
Even he cannot pull.
The other one, this agent of the Hillary,
beating him with iron fists,
iron humors, iron humors.
Buddha, the privileged reincarnation of Buddha
who was inhalerands pulling the iron carriage,
feels so compassion to him.
Why he's beating him?
He cannot pull.
It's not something that he don't want to do,
but he cannot.
I'm going to take that.
I'm going to take his share.
Today, I'm going to pull out that iron carriage.
In the teaching, in the Buddha's teaching,
the moment he had that attitude and thought in his heart,
the Buddha, the karma of that Hillary,
being in Hillary, his Buddha spray with the economy,
completely purified.
The moment that intention,
that pure heart, good intention,
rose in his heart, purified.
That is karma.
And that is the beginning of the bodhicitta,
which in bodhicitta, in the teaching,
said the Buddha, that is the beginning of
how he began to check out, redirect his passages.
Then, from that moment,
he gradually went to the bodhicitta,
top bodhicitta, and went step by step,
and became an enlightenment,
become known as bodhicitta money.
That's what the really great teacher,
bodhicitta money, said.
And again, other stories.
In other stories, our time.
Again, the same thing.
This is, again, in that mind,
bodhicitta was already kind of quite good,
high status of the bodhisattvas, bodhisattvas.
But he was born as a son of a merchant,
son of a merchant.
That merchant family, quite a wealthy merchant family.
And every time, all the children are dying.
The babies are dying in the early days,
one after another.
So, now that another child was born,
child was born, it was son.
And so, the parent, the warrior,
so much, again, is going to die, die.
And many times, the customs,
that customary, maybe they change in the names, names.
So, even though this son is boy,
boy, but they named him, like name, as girl.
So, what are his name names?
Father's name is Zahu,
and his name is Omu, daughter of Zahu.
Zahu, Zahu.
But he was not daughter.
He was, I mean, son, boy.
So, now, the daughter of Zahu is growing, growing.
Well, he is intense.
His father died.
And each time, those martians in the teaching said
that they go in the ocean to get large jewels
from the other shore of the ocean.
And they go to the ocean by the boat,
and then iPhone came,
and everyone died on the sea.
So, father never returned.
And mother was so worried.
Now, this son, because in ancient Indian customs
of a modern country,
they go to exactly what the son died,
exactly the same as what father used to do.
They followed that kind of family lines.
So, mother was so much worried.
Worried, he will go, as my son will go in there.
When he is grown up, he will go in the ocean and all that,
and he will die there.
So, now, traditionally, when the son grows up,
and what they do?
They could do the family activity, father's activity.
So, father, now the young boy is really growing,
and he asks mother,
"What is my father's professional job?"
And he said, "Oh, your father's professional job
is to collect the firewood from the forest
and sell that in the city."
City, so that is what your father used to do.
So, then, he thought, "Okay, I'm going to go to my father's job.
I'm going to collect the dry wood from the forest
and sell, bring that back and sell that in the city."
City, so he'd been doing that.
And the manipulper said, "Why are you doing that?
Because this is not your father's job."
And then, one after another, he'd lead him.
Then, finally, he understood his father's job is a merchant
and go to the ocean.
So, everybody, the young boy, his grown-up boy,
is a teenager, useful.
I mean, now, the more than teenagers,
size his to his friends.
He said, "Why we don't go to the ocean?
You tell us, traditionally, your father is like,
who live yourself.
You have to do this and that thing."
So, mother, he came back to the mother.
He was so obedient to the mother.
He said, "Madé, everyone is saying that my father's job is to go to the ocean.
Now, you've kind of tricked me all the time.
And now, I'm going to the ocean."
And mother says, "Don't go.
Please don't go.
Don't make that attempt like that.
Don't go."
And so, do what I said.
And he said, "No, I'm going."
So, that must be made many days.
I don't know what.
But, however, finally, mother never changed that statement.
And he don't want to take that statement.
And finally, he prepared with his friend
all those elements of going to the ocean.
He walked in everything.
He's going to live.
And mother, when he said, "I'm leaving."
I'm leaving.
And mother held his legs.
And his mother said, "I'm not letting you go.
We are good."
So, he said, "But, of course, he's stronger than mother."
So, he kicked the mother and kicked her head and he left.
And mother was so sad.
She was so bad, bad.
And now, my son is going to die.
Or something is going to happen if God died this time.
But it was going to happen.
This is just terrible.
She's really upset.
But, anyway, when he went, on the ocean,
they got, performed the success.
They know that every day they got,
whatever they're looking on the ice, strong,
or whatever they're looking from the ocean,
they got and unloaded that on the boat.
And now, returning back, on the way back to the earth,
again, big typhoon came.
Came.
And he completely knocked it down.
And luckily, he hold that one piece of the wool
and that kind of swing away, he reached out some islands.
Islands.
Now, I make short, long story short.
And he got some islands.
And island looks like peaceful, nice.
But there is some beautiful places.
He saw many different things.
One up to another, many beautiful things, good things.
One up to another.
And there is also so many kind of, like, good things.
He really experienced a lot of good things.
Almost a kind of dreamland, he reached to the monopolist.
He enjoyed all the pleasure, sensory objects,
one up to another.
And then, kind of, in the pilot,
he said, "You don't go further than this.
Just stay here."
But he is in his heart.
I think he is really, kind of, very, very closely individual.
He likes to explore.
He likes to go further and further, wherever he can go.
And he explored.
And then he went to the very big, kind of, looks like,
very formidable, formidable castle, castle.
He told him, "Like to go."
And then, kind of, feel that children go there.
But again, his heart pulled there.
And he went.
And his doors opened.
Immediately, the doors opened.
And movement doors opened inside what he saw.
There is one man sitting under the wheel,
the iron wheel, or iron saw.
Saw, S-A-W, I believe.
Saw.
That is turning saw.
Saw sitting.
And he spread his head, head completely.
And it's so painful.
I thought, this dull woman thought, oh, it's terrible.
So much suffering is happening, suffering happening.
And in the sky, suddenly, the voice came.
One who is experiencing, or one is going,
that experience, that suffering must be released.
One is not experiencing, must be bounded,
or must come under this.
The moment that voice came in the sky,
that moment, that will of the other man is completely released,
it moved to the right, above the head of Zalipumu.
And now, his head is spanning.
Head.
In his head, the skull cups are cutting and spanning, spanning.
The moment that happened, this Zalipumu had thought,
oh, so terrible, how this can come, this.
But whoever went through this, may I,
what I'm experiencing, may this become substitute
to every people who are going that similar situation.
His really gentleman bodhicitta attitude in his heart
rose right that moment.
That moment, the will, spanning will, is the lift of the sky,
he was released, released.
That is a story of the power of the tonic practices.
There's many beautiful tonic practices.
By this, the same in the Buddha teaching.
Teaching, so this is what really the power of these practices is,
so powerful and similarly tonic practice.
Then, then kungli practice.
And now, of course, this time, he's wishing bodhicitta,
we're doing that as, mentally doing that.
As he said, said, said, in the ancient time,
those God of Masters, many a time, said, use the breathing.
Just send all your happiness, peace, joy,
marriage, joy, good thing, healing, energy,
turn the nostrils or exhale into all the beings who receive that.
And they're suffering, difficult troubles are coming in
that through your ability, arise coming inward
and that is tonic practices.
Tonic practices.
So this is dagi, dagi, dagi, jivo, jivo practices.
And then, dagi, dave, jiki and others are more important than one's own self.
Again, mentally, with these, again, with the mentally practices,
it's wishing bodhicitta, others are more important than our self.
With your compassion, with your loving kindness,
sincerely think that they're all more important.
Why? Because these, all these others, because of the others,
I'm going to reach enlightenment.
I'm going to benefit all the sentient beings.
With all the others, how I can reach enlightenment?
As I myself alone, that if I don't have the support from others,
I'm not going to reach enlightenment.
I'm not going to benefit to anyone.
I'm just not going to open my heart or anything.
So therefore, they're all so important,
more precious than me, and more precious.
They're equally precious than the Buddha, same as Buddha.
Buddha taught us teaching how to practice,
but actually who is giving us a lesson in training is sentient beings.
With all the beings, with all the mother sentient beings,
I will not get enlightenment.
So therefore, others are more dear, more precious,
more special.
Therefore, that attitude, really wishing, therefore,
whatever they're going through, it is suffering and difficult.
I mean, they really have the modes of tonic practices
and the davai jinni practices.
All the others are more important than our son,
and that is then known as practicing of the wishing bodhicata.
So that is my brief talk for the wishing bodhicata
and now, today, I'm going to be in a way
and concluding the wishing bodhicata kind of like that with my talk
and then tomorrow, we begin actualizing bodhicata
to go through actualizing bodhicata, okay?
Thank you very much, everyone, again, for your patience
and listening and participation.
Thank you, okay. Thank you, thank you, thank you.
And then, of course, a lot of videos,
a story of these others are more important.
In the previous bodhicata, many life stories
or these stories, you know, there are so many beautiful stories.
There's this, so it's just, and then, again,
the great master was a singer through his compassion,
that he gave his own body to protect the other beings.
I mean, you know that stories, those stories.
This is according to Buddhism, it's all true stories.
It's really true stories, because there are others
more important than one's own self, anyway.
And that purified obscurations, obstacles.
And I think I was waiting to get behold,
and see the future with the material,
but he practiced so long, so many years, yet he couldn't,
even in the teaching, he said, even if he didn't have
not good single dreams, good dreams,
he didn't really achieve.
But because of this great compassion,
the others are more important than attitude of compassion,
genuine compassion, then immediately he bit them.
That purified whole, gone about, that wail between him
and the material.
The future with the material is completely turned on,
and he able to see that exile, like material,
right in front of him.
And then, because of that, he went to see the heaven.
For a short time, which is like a coded human year,
about 50 years, he stayed there
and received more tired teaching of the Buddha,
his particular teachings, the meanings,
the hidden meaning of the Pandavarana teachings,
and he brought such great teachings back to women's art,
and he was one of the great masters of Buddhism.
I mean, those old stories that you can read,
and you can look those things.
I mean, this is, again, because of that,
that open draw of his beholding the future with the material,
was the power of compassion.
(speaking foreign language)
Even other small important,
he had thought to protect by his own body,
and that's his stories.
(birds chirping)